[14.0][NEW] sale_coupon_fixed_price: new reward type - fixed price (#55)
OCA/sale-promotion: sale_coupon_fixed_price/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This module adds an option to set a fixed price for condition matching products

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module adds an option to set a fixed price for the matching line when the coupon is applied.
```
